# Simple-reddit-clone
This is a simple web application which clone the reddit upvote and downvote feature.

## Demo
[Demo website]()

## Implements and Assumptions
* User can submit one or more topics.
* User can upvote or downvote the topics.
  * User can upvote or downvote the same topic multiple times.
  * votes can be negative.
*  Always display a list of top 20 topics (sorted by upvotes, descending) on the homepage.
  * If user upvote or downvote topics,the homepage will refresh immediately to display the correct order of topics.
## Dependencies
### Backend:



* Golang: ^1.11.4
* gin-gonic/gin: ^v1.3.0

(ps.All codes for backend are created by myself, not from any boilerplate or code scaffolding tools)


### Frontend:

[Here I use react-create-app to construct the frontend boilerplate.(/client)]
* axios: ^0.18.0
* react: ^16.8.6
* react-dom: ^16.8.6
* react-scripts: 2.1.8
* bulma(css framework): ^0.7.4

(ps.The codes for frontend written by me that are not generated by biolerplate are:
* ./client/components/
* ./client/App.js

)

### Api documentation:
* swagger: 2.0
## Usage

The commands for daily usage are all wrapped up in the Makefile.Use `make` to run the script.

#### For development:

* Run `make dev` to start the dev server.
  * This will serve our frontend on `localhost:3000`, and backend on `localhost:8080`.
* If you want to start frontend and backend independently:
  * Run `npm run start` under `/client` folder to start the frontend server
  * Run `go run main.go` under project root folder to start the frontend server
* Go to `localhost:8080/swagger` to see the api documentation

  


#### For porduction:

* Run `make build` to compile both backend and frontend codes for production.

#### For test:

* Run `make test` to test backend api.




